****Overview:****

This directory contains the game "Gravitas",
a project created for CMPT 306 at the
University of Saskatchewan.

In this beginners game development course,
students were taught the fundamentals of
game development, as well as were introduced
to the Unity engine where we could apply our
learning.

Total development time from conceptualization
to release was under 3 months.

****My work:****

My primary role in this project was to debug
all scripts that handled physics, the matter-
manipulating gun (MMG) controls, as well as
writing scripts that handled audio control,
the title screen/menu options, and an
interactive control scheme menu.

In addition to this, I designed the gameâ€™s logo,
created animations for the title screen (3D
parallax scrolling background), and handled
audio design, composing some of the songs and
sound effects present in the game.

****Technical Details:****

Game was built in Unity 2017.1.1f1 (an older
version to ensure compatibility with versions
present on USask lab computers at the time).

A .exe build has been included to ensure the
game runs without issues (in case it makes
use of anything that is deprecated in newer
Unity versions).